In this module,
you learned how to set up Spring Security and Spring Boot to
accommodate a single page application front end.
This was a simple setup where Spring Security hosted the SPA
application so requests went to the same origin,
and we maintained the state server side via sessions and cookies.
This is great for a small application,
but there is more single page application security,
as you might require more complicated setups where your application is
communicating to a back‑end API via an API gateway or stateless
microservices, and the requests might be cross origin.
So if you want to learn more,
check out my course, Effective OAuth 2 with Spring Security and Spring Boot.
This covers how you can set up your single page application with Spring
Security and Spring Boot using OAuth 2, JSON Web Tokens, OpenID Connect,
how to handle cross‑origin requests, how to communicate with stateless
microservices, and much more.
But, next,
let's look at how to correctly handle authentication and authorization exceptions.